    For my non-linear project, so far I am thinking of trying to create a game that is adventurious, yet real life related. I feel as if incorporating an intriguing  background storyline, in addition to a real-time mission for the player to go through would be cool. I can see this being a crossover between the Queers In Love at the End of the World, and Tower of the Blood Lord game. I liked the idea of there being a rapid fire, thought provoking story, as well as various options for life-ending scenarious the first game offered. I found the long aragraphs and long sentences to be a bit much to go witht the 10 second time window, yet it still makes one think quickly about what they would do if they were in that situation. I also like the combat ansd battle mode of the Tower of the Blood Lord game. I feel as if having more than just ten seconds for a potential transition between each slide, and something that has an exciting, invigorating battle-like mode would be an interesting, and fun game to play.
    Right now, I'm thinking of calling my game Battle in Fantasyland, borrowing a little from both of the aforementioned games. While I'm still in the early brainstorming phases of this game, I feel as if maybe having a combination of aninmals, and people could also be a fascinating thing to read/hear about being in this game. Maybe there could be humans, and animals working together to save the world, or a specific group of people from harm. I'm thinking of even having a potential boss level, or end all be all level at the end of the game where one final, all mighty character must be defeated. Although this could all potentially be tricky to navigate, anbd execute in the end, I feel that it could all potentially come together very well,a nd become a thing of beauty. Storytelling I feel is one of my specialties, and I believe that I if can communicate, and contextualize what I see in my head for this, it could be a great game.
